rabbie motivation evil gross pay homage
to see winner of our many Morris
invincibility witness table water
captain etcetera display nominee who
self-injure master Narada know Yeshua
protect women after that that is
nutrition of service to you say majesty
to work yharnam the video photography
seriously positively element of a
chauvinistic oil onion of the Osmanski
invariably which in seriously bell shape
item that city of appreciation Rajesh's
res moderate if as Russians agree
the Armenians Christians of the Eastern
Church a community which in terms of
culture and tradition had much in common
with its
Turkish Muslim rulers in the Ottoman
Empire after conquering Constantinople
in 1453 the young ottoman sultan mehmet
ii brought in large numbers of armenians
from Anatolia to settle in the newly won
city among those who came was Archbishop
of Achim the prelate of bursa who was
established as the Armenian patriarch of
Constantinople his role was to preside
at the spiritual head over the Armenians
in a Sultan's realm the Armenians were
still there seven hundred eight hundred
nine hundred years after the Turks came
to Anatolia the Armenians were still
there in all that time the Ottomans
would have been able to get rid of the
Armenians they would have been able to
change them force them to become Turks
they would have been able to do anything
like that but they didn't and the main
reason in Islam it's against the rules
to forcibly convert someone in this long
you're supposed to allow people to keep
their religion and the Muslims were one
of the Ottomans I should say we're
almost always good Muslims in that way
they almost never forced anyone to
become a Muslim they didn't force people
to become Turks
the Armenians excelled in trade in the
crafts they helped construct many of the
buildings and monuments that came to
symbolize the splendor of Ottoman
architecture
they held positions at all levels in the
Ottoman state apparatus estate ministers
advisers tax collectors and even doctors
in the Sultan's palace through the
centuries the Armenians came to
establish themselves as an important and
recognized community within the Ottoman
Empire Osman Imperator knew each
indicator Menelaus Manila Razak initial
award a Thomas milites saw the car
desert under Buddhist by the end of the
19th century ethnic groups within the
Ottoman Empire were pushing separatist
agendas this rise of nationalism
contributed towards the breakdown of the
so called Millette system in which
religious communities under Ottoman rule
were allowed a degree of autonomy the
outbreak of World War one in 1914 would
exacerbate tensions and hasten the
dissolution of the Ottoman Empire
on May the 27th 1915 the Ottoman
Parliament passed a law ordering the
deportation of the Armenian population
from the Anatolia region of the Empire
what followed was a tragedy that still
casts a shadow to this day different
narratives tell different stories
questions still remain about the events
of 1915 and 1916
during the 19th century the decline of
the Ottoman Empire gained momentum the
Ottoman Sultans faced economic political
and military setbacks with the weakening
of the central authority ethnic
minorities within the Empire since the
time was right to push for reforms the
Armenians were among those pressing for
change how could that make easy he made
money make easy making many common core
math Alma since Allah the merciful
mother would not a big welcome
abracapasta
in cavernous Mandela Tina Ivan must mean
the recommitted claim blood legions so
they make her check the lobby the
russo-turkish was during the 19th
century and the treaties that followed
brought armenian demands for a form onto
the international agenda
oksana chebotar exhibition chandan hoia
stefanos Amish mafia Brewster submitted
Florida Inglaterra Namita La Silla bear
enable Congress of youngsters hyah
stefanos artists Macedon ultimate
decision elevators are Manila Osman
departure han dong-su th arcadian occur
Sakura Milan installation Vita be
English Turanian Astana moodily mr.
Carson decay initially Berlin DeMille
Congress to promise a new Java tarnish
book Andre Nina teachers in their varlyn
Motaba kata on Nashville and artists
pyramid desde la stefanos an unaltered
Amanda's new bachelorette Manor Osman
departure Thank You thrks the record
record Milan mr. dadier Basra
my touch is Iranian problem a onion for
us once came very naturally special
value pack of Regan kavkaza pressure
ratio but the pressure I see a brilliant
of casa dr. wahrman areas of Eber if
attack the natural is problem
our master Thomas Jefferson submit
additional border yes attached to a
lasagna Armand does not actionable
seemed to see if Liana synonym is
approach to our meal school to me from
the cosmos game initially destruction
indeed emotional condition Billy problem
no Romney problem enough initially
scared every gene Basler osseous that
about the concurrence energy less miss
do as must be very received what the
machine is not a problem in our students
by signing the 1878 Treaty of San
Stefano the Ottoman Empire effectively
gave up most of its territories in the
Balkan regions Russia made a point of
ensuring the Ottomans promised to enact
reforms in Armenia and to protect the
Armenians
by the 1880s Armenian nationalism had
become more assertive with calls for the
creation of an independent and United
Armenia this growing sentiment
especially among Armenian intellectuals
led to the establishment of the first
Armenian political organizations
participated arboretum is a standard
kumea should impart a milligram part
still wonder clothes to wear as a
mandamus shape
party program imagine Amaterasu in the
front a bit speakers Amanda Mustafa mm
mock business media did Salahi tava mr.
American patent program languages among
but I didn't add attract each other
yeah and Auslander tabula which has the
HDD revolution minute there we are not a
song we are none minute Adam is I mean
large the - neck and hung Shack parties
were the most important Armenian
organizations following the formation of
these two parties rebellion spread
throughout the eastern Ottoman areas in
Tbilisi to me about sure kotani-san true
totally kod me about Shannon Sheldon
especially up here partying in
terr-berish ingest nature article
narrows money important UN pequeo
generation declare achievement
i rememeber a ticklish dollars also to
market really big like that and about
Congress or
though the botanist interpreter under -
registered that also say baby
double team mascot
Willoughby Holly yelling key are many
watts on - large or small Adela teen
bottom - oh man or a man with a little
ass high station a problem nerd and hola
Yosh mother Doris rectangular chica Tosh
nightclub in chocolate I am indeed
allergic peers propaganda loadable
narake canary Bhaskar love my question
is a liquid or an adulterer Ganesha
Ananda shape has highest problem in 1890
sultan abdul hameed ii created an armed
band of kurdish tribal warriors in the
eastern regions of Anatolia known as the
hammer deer brigade their role was to
suppress Armenian separatist movements
they raided and looted Armenian towns
and villages creating an ever worsening
situation services dhhs in the despot
body shop all mister beyond our function
is rigid for some of the older videos
picture a big shit a sort of tunnel done
a video rosamma
para nada it says in the Quran ambience
an older individuals ha media other
identical Makaha media lies and could
isolate the ad that has been the reverse
Cardinal al Mac basic restore some mr.
blue Harrogate shifty and when division
the truck are traumatic exceed area that
Mister
sultan abdul hameed ii faced mounting
opposition from critics who accused him
of being an autocrat among the critics
were the committee of Union and progress
founded in secret in 1889 by a group of
Turks the committee became an umbrella
name for different factions all opposed
to Abdul Hermits regime some became
known as The Young Turks in 1908 the
Young Turk revolution restored the
Parliament which had been suspended by
the Sultan thirty years earlier rising
to power the Young Turks were joined by
the Armenian political elite David
intimacy is big business master there in
copolymerization we took our mini comte
general nada de wanna duel de Bouree
Bouree again Eric mr. Ahmed political
activity career otavalo mother Vera
birthday up to Klara Hitler
- Natsu - Part C Bo horikita are many
commercial equipment engine Acadia
interpreter Aquila maskavich Billie Jean
develop the Alliance of political
factions and ethnic groups that join
together to oppose the sultan's regime
soon began to splinter once the
revolution had been successful
they came together when the et hot
people were exiled my men were in
especially in Switzerland but also
another European countries and when they
held meetings they decided that they
would try to bring together all the
people that were against the rule of
abdul hamid ii and as is often the case
when rebels get together they sort of
papered over they forgot about the
differences between them they forgot
about the fact that the kurdish groups
and the albanian groups and the turkish
groups and the and the armenian groups
and the others but they all had very
different things that they wanted the
Armenians wanted autonomy and ultimately
independence the Turks wanted a more
modern government they wanted a
government that perhaps was democratic
but at least was not like the old regime
of Abdullah made the second and and
various other people wanted independence
as well Albanians being an example
in 1909 a counter-coup to undermine the
Young Turk revolution took place a
series of pogroms against the Armenians
blamed for supporting the Young Turks
took place in Adana armed clashes broke
out between Muslims and the Armenians a
fault line now appeared between Turkish
and Armenian revolutionary groups who
had allied to oppose the Sultan but
despite this the Armenians and the
committee of Union and progress formed
an electoral alliance in 1912
maybe Samir Busan city marina I know mr.
Bank after you start okay Donna Karan is
Billy nice abdullah any osmometry kiss
me gently slowly
aha well Alan declare akashi-kun polti
color is glitch in the slot program and
gastric wastage a magician yacht the
dissolution of the Ottoman Empire
accelerated in the early 20th century in
1911 it lost Libya to Italy and in 1912
it lost the Balkans war and with it most
of its bulk and territories the Empire
was splintering apart
and then in 1914 World War one started
it was a war across the globe that would
see millions died empires would fall and
territories divided the engineer a
solution an anomaly say appear in the
ambit honest or small interpreter that
worth the carcass tariffs ananka british
ottoman officials met with
representatives from the - neck party to
discuss the armenians position during
the war the armenians confirmed their
neutral position but events took on a
momentum of their own in october 1914
Ottoman Turkey entered World War one on
the side of Germany the Turks were
concerned the Armenians pursuing their
goal of establishing an Armenian
homeland would help the Russians
on November the 1st 1914 the Russian
army began a multi-pronged invasion of
the Ottoman Empire from the caucuses
many armenian volunteers joined the
ranks of the russian army the caucuses
the eastern front of the ottoman empire
became a key strategic war zone JP
garrison in Greenland and any sailor
sailor Poshmark
Laren Salalah meal is Lenin Yara Tribble
gracias de portago artur now parlor
Zelda Ordonez deadly Roger Allen Louie
statistic un Sorna journalist a large
circular balloon stick test ik solver
Lara ethics are Tanger they lick their
old each Allison leak here Hermann
Oberth on the show bottom lash Laroux
fear allah beside a flaw who should pay
each others
rebellion spread among Armenians in
cities throughout Ottoman Turkey the
young turk government saw the armenians
as a threat to national security
subversive elements who would take
Russia's side in the war to eliminate
this threat the government decided to
transfer the Armenian population to
other parts of the Empire the first step
of this process took place on April the
24th when the government rounded up
leaders of the Armenian community in the
Ottoman capital Istanbul then known as
Constantinople Sam bingo Columbus
alessandra from the chakra play after
amazing ideas a common agenda or Monacan
one year human analysis administrator
suruphanaka teachers select regimes
assail Italian as a trash knock who
Chuck Ramgarh there are good given era
many generated capital EUR unity church
planners he immediately Sam bingo cruise
investor backing up for an Istanbul
telecom showed which had pages the
arrests began at night ordered by the
Ministry of Interior all in all the
Ottoman government rounded up and
imprisoned over 200 notable figures of
the Armenian community they included
politicians journalists teachers and
doctors
in the miscibility investor a small
dignity was in the Istanbul Mashti
Armenia target elements very unique did
a Paris on bill we can adhere in your
understanding of investor the general -
a service center
I mean if not a linear never literally
stolen an undercut inshallah Krishna let
me talk about the result not the trauma
have set me a linear new person solid
and Aria she accused education when an
enemy is a compliment fickle irritable
on the fringe a great lebanon camino
austral Mallory de bananas and a pinch
of red man birthday yes Earl Albert
avocado birthday he came never the top
dr. Larry Istanbul eleventh approval
non-intellectual
I don't assume electric you said Vicki
she totally Fernanda hanging on his
under de banana kubera told Oh Belinda
said Vicki cellular automata net their
sugars to education O'Donnell
controversial a contributor dr. Copeland
ahead costura from mountain and is
sundaran total analysis between Oakland
immediate
ortho not be panic or Tawana garage
the arrests ordered by the Ministry of
Interior occurred on April 24th 1915
Armenian 's worldwide commemorate this
day as the day on which they remember
the victims of what they call the
Armenian Genocide one month later on May
the 17th 1915 the Ottoman Parliament
passed a law ordering the deportation of
the Armenian population from Anatolia
region of the Empire what they still can
know that and many kilometers Colonel de
la Rosa he demands that which might
direct occur under the siwash tourism
death oberg a woman cannot endure a bill
to Deportes young beauties maja Jarrett
a dream a Yeti severe ambition they keep
Tom Ament the Adige
vanished in the record show doable
homage to that
the deportations began in eastern
Anatolia
near the Caucasus region in a zaroon
bitless and van also in the towns of
mersin and eskender oon
the destination for those deported was
Ottoman controlled Syria Yemen my
spindle Samba statically say crezcan
common Oh Normandy s texarkana Luda
almond left the little iceberg either in
the Jeopardy Linda the respondent so we
ever work on zebra Ethernet
receptiveness a caravel day besides a do
Ferguson
some local mother the little Armenia
it's not registering a college to do
Finland without the motor will get an
occasional Istanbul that incident is
with Mustafa on either a character like
a she-devil neurin Billerica corner
table altar that the scope of
deportation was widened to include
Armenians in other provinces many were
sent southwards towards the Syrian town
of a level for the siwash island essence
harshad in the epidermis been leaders we
do another ETF attached to the other top
rattler by Apollo martyrs the ingenious
are showing this in the diverter
salaciousness in the water they hogtied
ingenious ended our previous election
who UN time narrator - Mack Tammy Attila
appealable mezu to Nor'easters disturbed
Severus siwash highly mellitus - Suraj
Harley birdied eiki-sama shankaboot
under Karenina fact Elena break loose
welcome Dan
solution removing initial to be made and
moon on trucks are you shocked we're
guiding sign ordinance will image picked
ordeal dilution Jason Lee
telegrams were sent to various provinces
ordering the confiscation of all
Armenian property
the Ottoman government set up an agency
called the abandoned properties
Commission to oversee this process its
task was to put on record all property
left by the Armenians in each town and
village through this commission the
government took possession of also
called abandoned Armenian goods and
properties Pollan intimacy component it
in the car Mama's eating apple doubled
after that your sir
elemental invalid the colomac shall have
been there getting it checked with one
unknown are again very tasty empanada
savagely donating control addition de
hash a companion and in the Karma's in
the binocular honorable and toxicology's
I'm a delegate
plans for protecting deportees and their
property were not successful mutual
suspicion and hostility between Turks
and Armenians had built up in the shadow
of World War one as they were marched
through the countryside by Ottoman
troops many Armenian deportees were
attacked and robbed many died from
starvation and thirst others succumbed
to disease the death toll reached
hundreds of thousands
Sarki skeleton was born in Turkey and
today lives in the Armenian capital
Yerevan his story is similar to that of
many Armenians who lived during that
period state you see in the presentation
while I remember more or less F hiya
cloud McCoy badinage beauty teacher
support Amish was the attached Peter and
M Sarkar Mishnah on aventura for none
but Larry trauma man
Oh mr. le meriden sakis was born in 1932
and emigrated to Yerevan 30 years ago
for him as for many Armenians the events
of 1915 and 1916 remain a painful memory
Armenians have called on the world to
recognize these events as a genocide
turkey rejects the genocide claims
except if I didn't bow before the Year
at Lacedaemon me Roland Armenian
Armenian consulate rigorously rec
bounnam broke the new Kelly meaning
television de Vos JJJ cannot assure
beautiful acacias con su su nasi lemak
steam urine Oh bastard you bastard - to
order mocha Daryl the Buddha mocha Daryl
do you know sighs I will rectify this
Bateman contained the orders at a castle
a hilarious on mr. tropical areas on
which they sell our life I dated machine
name an Arctic Arctic shaver European
Union welcome Don chelli men in debt
with hi Belinda to Tierra access the
cold
many Turks in local authorities did
their best to stand against the
deportations and the tragedy that
followed the same Nasim eBay the mayor
of leisure near Deer Baca was killed
while trying to protect Armenian
property from looting a memorial was
erected in a place where he was killed
thank you
coral narnia courier owner can unit him
in any direction they taught with Erica
Carson skull mermaid
I was not interpret exports in nan de
Hilde will kuta hear me - Sarah
fire-retardant HP Riley should be Native
American where mystery'
a terminal wisdom stumble a cherub
fortunately valine in book with the
Seraphin is really fake was also you do
the a abdullah human is na hoona can do
clone the real enemy forever wish to
undercover let mr. Chandler no quarter
machine polish efening sur la mesilla
candy during the election year to
panther mesh can be learn ever
missionary heard about evolutionists
Cesar venison is ironical abolitionists
voir dire che Jackson husband sees in
are condemned Corp India
Matt Matt Jalal Bei was the governor of
Chania the city which was the first stop
for Armenians deported from Western
Anatolia and marched to Syria a great
personal risk
Matt Matt Jalal Bey offered food and
drink to many Armenians
he violated the government's deportation
order by secretly settling Armenians in
surrounding villages and towns
it wasn't just local government
officials he stood against state policy
some ordinary citizens also did what
they could to protect their Armenian
friends heard when a window press
understeer mainly record honor although
and they miss Donna alderman de Ava's
give Sebastian Cevallos effective
director were reckless ohms
Tanner action television news among
years alone under the barber salon a lot
the signal at all a terrible
hasar injure me Riley are many barely
winning chata cotton De Beers and
impostors a medium Barham Durer's on the
radio series chalcedony
although expelled albycindy a pager pay
ahmed alaa rakeesha caloric burn under
honoring court errors with some salami
ham in the Terkel earlier a salon jailer
chapter and older character murder
seemed she's a solemn jailer chapter
records from the Ottoman archives reveal
that the deportation order didn't
include all Armenians
the records show that the law is not to
include Armenian Catholics and
Protestants patients Armenians in the
army and their families government
officials in outlying regions and people
recognized as supporters of the Young
Turks government were also to be
excluded widows and orphans were ordered
to be located in orphanages instead of
being deported
in addition merchants craftsmen and
council members and their families were
also not to be deported shamanism a man
named Chuckie's baba Baba telephone
service we're on our dear manjae own
Buddha with their man stood make the
treaty which she delivers avasta don't
order lambda the way I see them in
Oklahoma City a stadium a goodra goodra
learners in our asana Dunkleman in can
the room should order lambda it is an
odd way and I mean she gonna cry out in
the anomaly is an atom that I mean that
big a deal
Lois technically panda may be a tostada
evident typically their name a cut
Mueller doctor without the idea yeah any
order the reverse of the word services I
do me a Polish posit with him Claire the
dairyman's religion I didn't yes Nikita
nama MS I mean didn't pin almanach - oh
sorry didn't say the ramen
middle our meeting Gibbon looking man
hiatus Animal Society
venom bobbin super legendary missed it
fucker can't say toss into a sonic Carol
rich and polished and I'll do Nolan but
Gary Gaetti real mission Malatya said
Nicole for that massage they were
banished during the course of the first
world war the total number of casualties
in the Ottoman Empire was to reach as
high as five million about 25% of the
population Turkey disputes the figure of
one and a half million Armenians who
died during the deportation of 1915 1916
even today if you look at newspapers
magazines in America and in Europe if
you look at these things you will see
that you almost never see the Turkish
side of the story portrayed they never
state that 1.5 million Armenians was
more than there ever were in the ottoman
empire that if 1.5 million Armenians
died some of them had to die twice its
prejudice which injured Toja passing day
they tested him the approval Arabic here
Gweneth dance or ability Helen chin
Jordan on window kizomba cellar measure
Carlota judge denied text investment or
endure the breach in Jordan on measured
unum hear me Bespin a salgan hostile
declared on mr. t fist on vacay Leo
Madame de Sala she Negras a harlot
Mircea see hear taste rotten Asahi beer
from Soria peer Sahib is or Dona moa
archive Arzo civil a decade plan a color
golden edition make his son Bill tough
heart hardened messily about my heritage
eight months after the deportation order
the operation was deemed complete in his
journal Minister of Interior Talat Pasha
wrote of crimes committed during the
deportation some evil people
he wrote without conscience and without
morals sought to benefit from that
situation and so carried out many crimes
mysticum stallion oh my god the
generators stamina in Shelley's net
eliminated a toilet miscarriage tubby
girl was Garrett Directorate s or little
s tambin con el angry jealous nor
installed arena bill and developing the
very similar again the choleric vista
nominating results the boom our key
military cinder vanishes a visual
effects tenure track America extreme
young window put on also no secular
multimeter the penalty yet position
osmanli daily tterra fund and commit
attorney alums busan arden appreciate
Keisha Adam Jesus real initiative a
schism Delta bridges are severely mister
put it on more than that mmm she kept an
estate in fascism the true number of
Armenians that were killed or died in
1915 and 1916 remains to this day a
topic of heated debate the Armenians say
the number stands at one and a half
million turkey today admits atrocities
were committed but argues that there was
no systematic attempt to destroy the
Armenian people
turkey says the numbers of those killed
are grossly inflated it estimates the
total to be around 300 thousand it
claims the Armenians were casualties of
World War one not genocide Americans the
college mock soda machine can arc
American that truck giving them kinda
car safeties
no his embouchure line there none that
they can salvage on Mama's day I can Kim
Nardo do you the beginning assault on
the millionaire so our deal a boo karim
mix - Osmani portal dementia cush
tenement death I took a junior 18m
Karuma a shamisen Lori Leland on the
Kitumba IG laden with timber karma she
plan on the dough lumen or tack on
solarek : massive a hippie mizzen or top
artists Olerud between i- Missy Miguel
ejected a burly shadow all mustn't get
ejected who took replied the get an
eyelash on mas and we have been a big
alleged already then the more tactically
Jamie's awesome do suck early schland
missing earring hit the guns of World
War 1 finally fell silent in November
1918 the Ottoman Empire was one of the
losers of the war leaders from the
committee of Union and progress The
Young Turks led the country other
officials captured at the end of the war
were exiled to Malta
fate was to catch up with many of the
principal young turk leaders Talat Pasha
was shot dead in Berlin on March the
15th 1921 syed helene Pasha was
assassinated in Rome on December the 5th
1921 bahadin Shakur and Jamal Azmi were
killed in Berlin on April the 17th in
1922 Jamal Pasha was killed in Tbilisi
on July the 25th 1922 on May the 28th
1918 the Democratic Republic of Armenia
was declared but the armenian republic
proved short-lived in 1920 armenia was
annexed by Bolshevik Russia 70 years
later with the gradual dissolution of
the Soviet Union Armenia declared
independence on August the 23rd 1990
turkey recognized Armenia's independence
in December 1991 for its part the
successor state of the Ottoman Empire
the Republic of Turkey was officially
proclaimed on October the 29th 1923
almost 100 years have passed since the
events of 1915
but today the use of the word genocide
to describe what happened to the
Armenians at the hands of the Turks
almost a century ago is a contentious
political issue so contagious again is
some large kitchen knife that truck
Archibeque hidden attached almadina can
unlearn man hotrod Armand Gamache
double-digit the hard or - I usually
machine vector - the Messina Onegin or
schibetta Gary cook too harsh a tropical
tada - miss Teresa Mukunda air on an
atty TV - check on Mr Krabs's console
oh no salsa the cabinet has little
commander in baggy old Massa Garrity
destroyers the redundant later Osman day
latina right bro clear solution by
general MIDI localizer disagree on some
a security leaders is born under our
sugar is the stay a commotion with
roosters are circular Megara assumes an
element in HP angle calm Adams if I did
texture
punish the positive diaspora ocean just
addressed there in a definition posits a
desperate Mizpah substitute our nano
tyrannous village nu est our belief that
mr. Issa made the special taste of
Leonia diaspora now our menu business
from the villa Ko Olina roshaniya are
many new delicious Trina or the jaspera
additives are many hospital to reproduce
it
a deep wound has a remained at the heart
of relations between Turks and Armenians
for many years one insightful
commentator on this relationship was the
editor-in-chief of a bilingual
turkish-armenian newspaper her aunt dink
was a Turkish citizen of Armenian
descent
senator from Colorado
our Manor tutoring dr. sister in
addition the doctor he large shaking we
can go below take ratchet dink was a
well-known advocate of dialogue between
Turks and Armenians on January the 19th
2007 he was shot dead in front of his
newspaper building in Istanbul
the assassination shocked
turkey and drew condemnation from all
quarters
thousands attended his funeral in
Istanbul a few days later many carried
placards reading we are all haunting we
are all Armenians
the murder of her aunt dink marked a
watershed moment it highlighted the
difficulty of leaving the past behind
particularly when the past continues to
be a source of dispute and it
highlighted how that past can still come
back to haunt the present and even risk
eclipsing the future
did you say - the fuck - Quattro my man
B - a kick a lot a lot side is a
business indication much in Ricky's I'm
on an orange other only link I bet on
the road on the road and slowly the Omni
Hotel no matter how much the rich car
living yet the dole look pilot here the
a tick to another yeah peace shame
because Amanda keep it a little Arkansas
Miyazaki's a uses a backup girls girls a
backup we didn't a Mickey chairs and I
give him some tomato Lucia music was
among Miley self get smushed all on
karnak's eyeful are Karen McCulloh DP
Shinda kisum under the car on the piece
Brock mapped a large big gorilla -
should make de la vela MC Collegium is
each in day the hubsan adorability Killa
davekeli Newman adorability hi Michaela
wash sorrel Alianza monarda Dante bigger
Team GB amber castle handy and loose
Laura sue conductor to Mesa linen pashka
Deborah tartar fund on or small Nia does
Florida soap service to him in the
turkey retina Carter will cause all Iraq
coronal mass not severable hostess
residence or domicile years but France a
son on a Kardashian welcomed an airman
is aluminum which is an older brother
America Karishma mich miss a Dewar's
under visit we are Muslim premier mama
this was really nervous about near
sailors elbow intimacies imaginable
collision
I promise any stimulus and to establish
a lobular I got honorable Ottomans they
will journey the humerus
madam sure - car car - inaudible mr.
Garrick supposes and Derek came the
sunnatullah' dial in their jobs
tellurium a true car car alarm all new
stuff Absalom and Lola Sutra now when a
very Italian our hips in Salem lemme let
my sister
you